hey I'm for a race yes I am let's got
out of the cars though it might be my
opportunity to kind of beat you are you
used to it I've played it a couple of
times it's the first time oh I don't
okay I think it's great I think cows
masters have done a super job actually
of giving regular people a proper
insight into what a grand prix car is
like when I was practicing on the sim we
did i'm like a full full loaded fuel car
and then went straight to a qualifying
car and their differences unbelievable
it's the same on your computer games
i've tried it i went from a road car at
a hundred points about to 200mm but put
my foot down thinking i'll never be able
to control this amount of power so many
took about a year hundreds very yeah
okay yes it's actually more difficult to
get it so precise when you're doing it
in the simulator then when you're doing
it in the
actually I playing a lot of from a one
game to learn the tracks to get a little
bit yet the feeling of the track because
the circuit survey is a star accurate
now for us in the simulator and for the
game as well you can just drive around
in the game on the same circuit you
won't get any surprises when you turn up
it won't be completely different
how's it will be going yeah we're well
it was a really big day for me what's
your impression now that you've been in
the car how close were we did we get it
right yeah it's actually quite funny
because when I was playing the game and
I wasn't hot before you from the one guy
I really fought it's a little bit too
much like an arcade game or something
like that but now I really have to say
it's really good
I'm thought able to be a judge no that's
not sure hold I paid for them yeah hold
assume I got all this bar akela all
these Weber come on still jumps yet when
I came to Abu Dhabi I mean I couldn't go
to the simulator so I switched on the
video game and the side to play on the
anabo Dhabi and actually it actually
worked cuz when I got here I felt like I
already driven it was my first race in
gp2 first ever time in gp2 and I won in
the first race he's um actually actually
helped